before love again let me start by saying
I'm thinking a midlife crisis would be a
lot and easier for all of us if we had
superpowers I mean if I quit working out
I doubt I'm gonna be able to save the
world at 50 and yes I could save it now
if I want to since you asked the stars
of our movie today ah coach the kind of
woman that makes you a man of constant
sorrow and dammit he's everywhere
stags Edwards flame our story begins
with mr. incredible on his way to his
wedding with Elastigirl but he makes a
few pit stops along the way to save a
cat stop some robbers and crush the
dreams of his biggest fan after that mr.
incredible encounters they last a girl
who flirts with him and reminds him
she's gonna be waiting for him at the
altar and he better get his there in a
quickness when he makes a few more pit
stops along the way again to prevent a
suicide
stop another robber who thinks mr.
Incredibles name is miserable
pardon my french and crisp the dreams of
his biggest fan again and incredible
it's like you don't gotta be special to
be special and missing quail is like
that's only what they tell losers when
he finally makes it to the church unless
the girls at the altar waiting because
he's late and she's already up in his
face like I know you just saved like 20
people in the past eight minutes but if
you want to get this you better
recognize you're gonna have to be better
than that
see that's why I ain't getting married
because I could be rule of the damn
planet but she'd be having me in a
headlock like I would appreciate it if
the bathroom didn't stink after you take
a shot so to kick a man while he's down
and to tighten the chain attached to
that ball mr. incredible is supposed
into retirement by a bunch of other nags
complaining that they don't like the way
he saved their worthless lives pimped
and then this bit like I don't even know
who the she is with her aunt a superhero
rhetoric and I'm like go ahead get you
load up by dr. Knievel I don't give a
[ __ ] she looked like a breath smell like
a sock full of holes radish so all
superheroes are forced into
government superhero protection program
and here's Paul mr. incredible 15 years
and 342 apple-pies later helping this
poor old lady and getting scolded by
pussini
and mr. incredible is like I can't
believe I'm at the mercy of a loudmouth
[ __ ] whom I wouldn't let pick my nose
oh yeah
living the American Dreams duck in
traffic soaking it in like the rest of
the drone miserably eatin you meatloaf
while you read the paper about all the
crimes you could have prevented but
weren't allowed to while you ignore your
family then get pissed that your family
is loud and annoying and your life used
to be cool but now it's bornus so you
bought her on using your superhuman
strength to almost become a domestic
abuser then start trying to act calm and
cool again when your friend shows up to
take you bowling happens every day but
to escape your annoying family you lie
to your wife about where you're really
going and [ __ ] the crime behind your
wife's back so tomorrow's paper won't be
so damn depressing so Jules and Vincent
make some jokes about boring bad guy
monologues some chick from The Matrix
follows him and when he gets home he get
snagged again because in this tip story
good is somehow bad and better is
somehow worse then Elastigirl tells all
of her family it's time for bed and
gives mr. incredible this look like just
don't expect no booty tonight stupid
save a bunch of people and then don't
get no damn booty yep the dream
continues Oh who's this so mr.
incredible is once again getting scolded
for helping people he sees someone else
he wants to help he's told by that
[ __ ] that he can't help then proceeds
to pick up said [ __ ] and then gets
fired for wanting to be good and beating
the [ __ ] out of the bad guy and I'm
starting to detect a sort of theme here
but when he gets home Oh what's this and
he just sit there like oh god just watch
miss Elaine Quayle you don't get paid
super dough to do super things with your
superpowers midlife crisis averted ooh
that was close
now is the time to tell mrs. incredible
some bald-faced lies so you can go have
dinner with an exotic silver-haired
thought with a sexy accent
okay maybe midlife crisis wasn't averted
get in there tubby
this is the six
we still Hollis and don't give a good
damn about your emotional eating
disorder yet
and then he look at her like it's baby
weight see this way never having
children I don't want to go from mr.
incredible to Mister inflatable so in
the midst of an epic battle with the
Omni Droid 9000 this all best to be like
ah oh my back
was hardly surprising when it has to
support that enormous gut but ain't no
school like the old school so he wins
anyway and this turns them all and it
turns missus incredible on to and it
finally gets that booty which is wider
than it was in the old days but that was
supposed to happen she's the one who had
to three children dummy I would like to
take a moment to say dis Edna is my
favorite character because she speaks
her mind
she will not hesitate to call her dumb
somebody a dumb somebody she's like my
spirit animal
we both got fabulous fashion sense we
both walk around calling dumb bits
darling and she too is voiced by a man
and she don't hesitate to tell a
middle-aged man that his fashion sense
need to get with the times and the capes
of producers unless you're Batman
meanwhile at last the girl be getting
suspicious and she starts thinking is my
husband gonna granny this you hear on
the phone and be like that don't sound
like no granny
and he ain't acting suspicious at all
then you know how women be acting like
she taking care of yours she be like I
was just checking to see if your battery
was fully charged but really she just be
looking to see who you've been talking
to and then when she finds out she's
like imma kill him then she confronts
the woman and ends up lured to her house
and getting involved with a - okay I
think I'm all some kind of fantasy
tangent now that's about the time you
start to realize you done up and mr.
incredible is like no not this prick
again
and he says remember what I said anybody
could be special and then you said you
know what you said you said that's only
what they tell losers what the hell is
wrong with you you know how tough a
child gets after that get to low
self-esteem stop piss on the bed gotta
get counseling something terrible mr.
incredibly rude but mr. incredible
escapes and finds a password
strategically left behind by a super
corpse here
traits the secret supervillain systems
and finds out that like many middle-aged
regular folk who decide to look up
people from their past on Facebook most
of his friends from back in the day are
deceased or married some ugly
Joe got like crazy obese or like pretend
a lives will fulfilled because they got
children but there's wine in every
picture and you know laying drinking it
to stay sober or they try to post
pictures of their skinny days but they
have a bad mother and it looks like the
80s threw up all over the picture if the
funniest Daniel woman texts you and blow
your damn cover and get you busted so
with a little pep talk and a big slap
for me he Elastigirl goes to check that
down and the damn knows the children's
stowaway on the ship and violence like
me and unless the girl is like my mama
mom will you told me to always be nice
to people but now I'm telling you to
jump and this is why you should never
take family trips
they always in like this so they find a
safe haven where mama gives them a
little pep talk
she's like remember those cartoons you
used to watch way even the bad guys had
some restraint what does he like them
this is a Disney movie and they will
light your little adolescences up I mean
remember Bambi cute that little bastards
mama right in front of him and Nemo his
mama and all his siblings got aid and
have you seen what they've done to the
Star Wars franchise massacred those
movies right out in the open for God and
everybody to see it so do not think for
one moment that Disney gets enough
person about real life little children
that they will not commit the
unthinkable in front of their innocent
little eyes ruin their childhoods and
scar them for life
sleep tight I'll be back so momma
infiltrates the base but takes a moment
to worry about the size of adults I know
she's animated but them downs and as
usual when you're on vacation you
children got to be causing problems back
at the hotel then agent thought releases
mr. incredible and he thinks about
choking her then gives her a hug and
it's looking to me like this woman in
love with a man who choked her has some
major emotional issues then as a bonus
you get punched by his wife that about
sums up most affairs I think out in the
jungle the children are playing with
their new toys and then
start Jesus fronting and I'm starting to
think maybe Jesus couldn't walk on water
maybe he just ran really really fast
like - of one of them lizards so then
they all meet up and start kicking sand
in syndromes like oh hell no you married
at last a girl and got busy so he
captures the family starts monologuing
his diabolical planting plans and then
just leaves them hanging there so they
can escape to Stockton you know I'm
starting to think we being too hard on
this syndrome let's think about it
underdog came up from nothing got shat
on by his idol worked his way up from
the bottom
best decent meanwhile back in the city
Frozone sees syndromes robot neces- I
quit his super suit is and she says what
he's like say what again say what again
I dare you I double dare you mother well
once a loser always a loser and of
course the Incredibles win because what
the you think was gonna happen then in
the last-ditch effort to get under their
skin this tow tried to kidnap The
Incredibles baby
and then the baby rips out his bozo
locks and emotionally traumatizes him
like father like son just before his
douchey cape sucks his dumps into a jet
engine and my only surprises the Disney
didn't show his douchey syndrome
segments spewing out the back and on the
day and credit heads I just want to take
a little moment here to state my
appreciation for the creativity in this
movement what more does a husband want
than to be strong for his family what
more does a woman want and arms that can
literally and metaphorically reach into
dangerous places to pull our children
out of trouble what most as a husband
won't and a flexible wife what more does
a young boy want them to be a speedy
little pesky and what more does a young
outcast teenage girl month and to be
able to just disappear and then you got
a black guy who just wants to chill and
is named fro zone okay this is either
the most brilliant characterization ever
or is just one big damn cliche and races
to stop it's time you left Jackson came
he races and then the sequel is supposed
to pick up where this left off with them
fighting this guy the
minor or the underwear or you know what
the end I just thought about something
how come she wasn't missing last a girl
and he didn't become miss day last a
girl and then they call this movie the
elastic girls sex is doing ok be sure to
like share subscribe for regular fix of
meth you can expect me to upload more
videos every time it's Disney movie
released weekend full movies explained
fall I'm jab a down and yes we are all
special losers